Embedded Explorer: Private Graphs docs changes (#109)
apollographql/docs: src/content/studio/explorer/embed-explorer.mdx

     width="600"
   />

4. Use the options on the left side of the dialog to customize the embedded Explorer's appearance and behavior to your liking.

5. Still in the dialog, use the tabs above the code snippet to select the snippet for your use case:

    * Use **React** for React apps where you can `npm install` the `@apollo/explorer` package.
    * Use **JavaScript** for non-React JavaScript apps where you can `npm install` the `@apollo/explorer` package.

>     * Use **Built file on CDN** to use Apollo's CDN-hosted `@apollo/explorer` package.

Author: @StephenBarlow can we say "Use **Built file on CDN** to use Apollo's CDN-hosted embedded Explorer."

since the cdn hosted shtuff is not an npm package?

Reviewer: Yes absolutely! Thanks for making the change 👍

     width="600"
   />

4. Use the options on the left side of the dialog to customize the embedded Explorer's appearance and behavior to your liking.

5. Still in the dialog, use the tabs above the code snippet to select the snippet for your use case:

    * Use **React** for React apps where you can `npm install` the `@apollo/explorer` package.
    * Use **JavaScript** for non-React JavaScript apps where you can `npm install` the `@apollo/explorer` package.

>     * Use **Built file on CDN** to use Apollo's CDN-hosted `@apollo/explorer` package.

Author: ```suggestion
    * Use **Built file on CDN** to use Apollo's CDN-hosted embedded Explorer.
```
